Hello everyone and
welcome back to the Internet of
Things Specialization here at UCSD.
I'd like to start off by welcoming you and
congratulating you on making it to
the Capstone part of this specialization.
So yeah.
In this project or in this last
course of this specialization,
we are going to actually make
something very exciting.
And in fact,
you can either follow along or
take our tips on what we will be
making ourselves and showing you,
along with some other examples, or
you can just take our ideas and
we'll kind of brainstorm a little bit and
you can make something else also.
As long as it follows
the criteria that we're asking.
But yeah, so we are going to make
a self-sustainable work station for
your Dragonboard 410c and
it will be geared towards, hopefully,
a surveillance system of your own.
Now, what we will talk about in this
part one of the Capstone course.
So we're going to first
start off with the approach.
Now, the approach is basically
the steps that we went through at least
the process that we went through
while wanting to build our system.
So when you're building a self-sustainable
system, you have to think, okay,
I need power, right?
I need to power all these electronics.
And we chose solar power.
It's everywhere, right?
So how do we build the solar power system?
What parts do we need?
And how will we calculate
the needs of our system?
So we're going to talk
about that a little bit.
Then we're going to talk
about the components and
how we chose the components based
on the approach that we took
when we wanted to build the system.
After that, we're going to go
a little bit into the parts,
we're actually going to use for the system
itself but I also wanted to show
you some other projects, some other
things that we have done here at UCSD
with solar powered systems and
self-sustainable work stations.
So it's really exciting,
we have a bunch of photos that we took.
We hopefully will be able to walk
you through this whole process,
this is just a kind of fun lesson for
you and hopefully you can kind of see
how we went through this whole process,
and in later parts of this course,
we will be building it for you.
So I look forward seeing
you in the later videos.